The real beauty is not the Lao Huang competition, they are still preparation.
What a coincidence.
I can't believe I met you here.
Master, why do you want to be beaten?
The teenagers were joking.
My sister and I are here to thank you.
Thank you.
If it wasn't for Qin Shao spending 1.5 billion to buy that seriously losing game company.
How do we get the money to develop new land?
Master Qin is a good person.
Ha ha ha
Yes, Li Fei clearly took such great advantage.
They're still buried here.
The other just blames Master Qin for being an idiot.
The first is to sell land in the new district to the Ly family at a low price.
Another high price to buy a serious loss-making game company from the Li family.
Not bad, this kind of stupidity only extends to the Qin Dynasty.
The Qin Dynasty will be finished sooner or later.
Master Qin, you have helped my Li family with such a big job.
I'll buy you a red one later and rely on it.
It's just red.
They can't compare to your sister's house.
I forgot to tell you that your loss-making game company has made a lot of money on my hands.